Day 1:

Create the boilerplate (!)
title the page "Gaming Table"
duplicate the header and footer from the landing page
Create proper semantic tags
a main tag to represent table itself
sections to represent an area that is the "Player's" cards, and an area for the "Dealer's" cards, each of which have
an h2
a list of cards, which are dealt in order (pick any cards :)
a section with
a description list of terms including "Hit", "Stand", "Split", and their defintions
a h3 containing "Player's Options"


Day 2:

this is in the table.html:
A "Player's Actions" section with an
h3 saying "Player's Actions"
buttons (should all be type:button to avoid submit behavior: plug this as an open house topic!)
A disabled "Hit" button
A "Stand" button
A "Split" button


Day 3:

add a link to a new index.css file with styles specific to this page (index.html) (after reset and common stylesheet links)
create a section with an id of hero that has 100% width, height: 30vh and
an h1 with a tagline including the word Blackjack
create a section with an id of whyUs that has 40% width
becomes 100% when the screen is 800px or smaller
includes a paragraph about why we are the best blackjack app (containg the word Why)
create a section with an id of callToAction with
becomes 100% when the screen is 800px or smaller
includes a paragraph containing the word Money
includes a button that says Start Playing


Day 5:

sketch a wireframe for 2 minutes
the header and footer needs to have a fixed position.
the nav must be a flex container
beyond this use flexbox or grid to create an awesome design. Have fun!
Make a breakpoint somewhere between 500-900px. Work in common.css so it applies to both
Make an element with a class attribute of disappearing that is only displayed above the breakpoint.
Make an element with a class attribute of mobileFeature that is only displayed below the breakpoint.
Remake the about page main content to use a grid, but you can choose your own wireframe design!


Day 6:

Add the link from google fonts
Use one font for headings, but use a different font for other elements (we will check a paragraph)
Adjust your font sizes and add some margins
    - Make sure h1 is 40px with a margin of 20px
    - #copyright needs to be 10px
Make it look good!


Day 11:

Create a Sign up

Capture and in a separate console.log log each textField's label and value, separated by a colon and space, e.g.:

 - Full Name: Mary Potter
 - Username: HarryPoppins


 - For the checkboxes, console.log the two statements that are true from the following four:

    - "The user has checked the legal checkbox"
    - "The user has checked the terms checkbox"
    - "The user has not checked the legal checkbox"
    - "The user has not checked the terms checkbox"


 - If the following are true, console.log "The user is eligible"

    - the passwords are both the same ( use the === strict comparison operator)
    - the user is 13 or older(COPPA)
    - the user has checked both checkboxes
    - none of the other fields are blank
    - if any of the above are not true, log that "The user is ineligible"

Stretch Goal:

 - Compare the user's age and birthdate. If their age is accurately inaccurately assessed, console.log "the user is not likely to be good at math", otherwise log that ""the user can figure out the user's age"

    - Look into the [Date Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date)